Tidyselect operations `!` and `-` are subtly different (#1598)
hadley/r4ds: data-transform.qmd

      select(!year:day)
    ```

>     Historically this operation was done with `-` instead of `!`, so you're likely to see that in the wild. These two operators serve the same purpose but with subtle differences in behaviour. We recommend to consistently use `!` because it reads as "not" and combines well with `&` and `|`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Historically this operation was done with `-` instead of `!`, so you're likely to see that in the wild. These two operators serve the same purpose but with subtle differences in behavior. We recommend using `!` because it reads as "not" and combines well with `&` and `|`.
```
